Add a bento-monitor script for Slack notifications (#10)
returntocorp/bento-action: README.md

This email will be used to provide support and share product updates
— you can unsubscribe at any time.

## Configuration

> ### Slack Notifications

Reviewer: Is it possible to configure the Action to be non-blocking? Making the Action non-blocking, combined with Slack notifications, gives teams an easy way to ease into using Bento on every PR. If this is supported, the combo of non-blocking + Slack would be great to call out below!

Author: Well my friend, apparently not only is there a way, but I also accidentally made it non-blocking with this PR 👯‍♂

So while fixing that bug I'll just leave a flag to allow keeping it 😄 what should we call the setting? `monitor: true` / `mode: monitor` / `blocking: false`?

Reviewer: In the Bento configs, in the context of the commit hook being blocking or not, we use the key `block`:

```yaml
block: true
```

Thoughts?

Author: sounds good to me!

Author: I just remembered that GitHub actually lets you configure which checks should be blocking right on the UI!

<img width="741" alt="Screenshot 2020-04-01 at 11 20 52" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1060436/78120817-dc230900-740a-11ea-9c51-99460e04048a.png">

So if this is unchecked, bento would report an ❌on PRs but it wouldn't affect anything, except for acting as a nice visual indication for whether there's a finding to check out.

Do you think `block: true` is appropriate naming if this setting exists? Setting `block: true` and disabling blocking on GitHub is a legit, but very confusing-sounding config.

Reviewer: Let's skip `block: true` for now then. Could we mention in the documentation that our slack feature, combined with making Bento non-blocking in the GitHub UI, works well for teams who want to "try before they buy"?

Reviewer 2: One question here: would our prospective users have other checks that they would want to block on? I'm not sure if there's a way to mark certain checks as advisory, and have others be required.

Reviewer 2: What about directing users to use the branch filter? I imagine most would only want it to run on master anyway?

Also, if an action is on commit, I assume it doesn't block pull requests?

Author: I think we should resolve this conversation and any further comments should be on the readme section I ended up adding: https://github.com/returntocorp/bento-action/pull/10/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R38

Author: But to address these comments.

> Let's skip block: true for now then

@dlukeomalley I had actually added it already as `silent: ` — would it be better to remove that?

> One question here: would our prospective users have other checks that they would want to block on? I'm not sure if there's a way to mark certain checks as advisory, and have others be required.

There is a way; in fact you can see how that works on the screenshot I posted; ci/circleci can be marked as blocking.

> What about directing users to use the branch filter? I imagine most would only want it to run on master anyway?

Could do this, yep. We didn't really advertise running-on-push at all yet.

> Also, if an action is on commit, I assume it doesn't block pull requests?

That's right, it would just show up as an :x: next to the commit title.

Reviewer: > @dlukeomalley I had actually added it already as silent: — would it be better to remove that?

Yes, given that this functionality will be provided through GitHub lets remove any configs or logic on our end.

> You can have the Bento Action notify you on Slack about findings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Bento Action can notify you on Slack about findings.
```

1. [Create a new incoming webhook](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7XDUAZ-incoming-webhooks) on your Slack workspace,

>    and set the channel you'd like to receive notifications it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   and set the channel in which you'd like to receive notifications.
```
